Complete alphabetical listing of Files in Subdirectory supplemental/products/hourly-10yr

The below list provides a synopsis of each hourly normals file. For a more general
description of the file naming conventions used for all normals files, see the 
readme.txt file in the main directory. 

hly-cldh-normal.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of cooling degree hours
hly-clod-pctbkn.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of clouds broken percentage
hly-clod-pctclr.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of clouds clear percentage
hly-clod-pctfew.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of clouds few percentage
hly-clod-pctovc.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of clouds overcast percentage
hly-clod-pctsct.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of clouds scattered percentage
hly-dewp-10pctl.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of dew point 10th percentile
hly-dewp-90pctl.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of dew point 90th percentile 
hly-dewp-normal.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of dew point mean
hly-hidx-normal.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of heat index mean
hly-htdh-normal.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of heating degree hours
hly-pres-10pctl.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of sea level pressure 10th percentile
hly-pres-90pctl.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of sea level pressure 90th percentile
hly-pres-normal.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of sea level pressure mean
hly-temp-10pctl.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of temperature 10th percentile
hly-temp-90pctl.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of temperature 90th percentile
hly-temp-normal.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of temperature mean
hly-wchl-normal.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of wind chill mean
hly-wind-1stdir.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of prevailing wind direction (1-8)
hly-wind-1stpct.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of prevailing wind percentage
hly-wind-2nddir.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of secondary wind direction (1-8)
hly-wind-2ndpct.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of secondary wind percentage
hly-wind-avgspd.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of average wind speed
hly-wind-pctclm.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of percentage calm
hly-wind-vctdir.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of mean wind vector direction
hly-wind-vctspd.txt  2001-2010 hourly normals of mean wind vector magnitude
